DOCS-2313: Improve notification URL for ecommerce integrations page (continued) (#1862)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integration/self-made/validate-hmac-signatures.md

---
title: 'Validate HMAC signatures'
breadcrumb_title: "Validate HMAC signatures"
layout: 'single'
meta_title: 'Build your integration – Handle notifications - Validate HMAC signatures - MultiSafepay Docs'
logo: '/svgs/Wrappers.svg'

> short_description: 'Validate HMAC signatures of notifications'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
short_description: 'Validate HMAC signatures of notifications.'
```

weight: 1
url: '/integrations/self-made/handle-notifications/validate-hmac-signatures/'
---

> To validate the HMAC signature of a `POST` notification request in your own solution, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To validate the HMAC signature of `POST` notification requests in your self-made integration, follow these steps:
```

```
{{< /details >}}
4. SHA512 hash the concatenated string that resulted from step 3, using your API key as the HMAC key.

    If the request is valid, the hashed value from step 4 matches the HMAC signature from step 2.

    {{< details title="Example" >}}
HMAC key: `8HHhGgRWrA3O7NswjmgwyH7buPPCGnR5AkwAQyqI`

SHA512 hash: `0327f5280eb29fcb314902b61fc37a9111f4c031d31f8597811ecdc14c8c8f356904c64809661c3ceb9fd2737f52e14e942c32ddb07a6d6a76a000426d65d78b`
{{< /details >}}

>     Additionally, check whether the timestamp is recent and the originating IP address is MultiSafepay's. For a list of MultiSafepay's IP addresses, contact <integration@multisafepay.com>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Additionally, check whether the timestamp is recent and the originating IP address is MultiSafepay's. For a list of MultiSafepay IP addresses, email the Integration Team at <integration@multisafepay.com>
```
